dbt ls (#9007)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/list.md

The `dbt ls` command lists resources in your dbt project. It accepts selector arguments that are similar to those provided in [dbt run](/reference/commands/run). `dbt list` is an alias for `dbt ls`. While `dbt ls` will read your [connection profile](/docs/local/profiles.yml) to resolve [`target`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target)-specific logic, this command will not connect to your database or run any queries.

> In <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> run logs, nodes returned by `dbt ls` or `dbt list` can appear as `noop` when there is no terminal execution status. `noop` means dbt identified the node during selection, but did not run it.

Reviewer: If this is Fusion-specific, make sure to add version blocks
```suggestion
In the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, `dbt ls` and `dbt list` run logs classify node results under **No-op**. This status indicates that dbt selected the node but did not run it.
```
